Add `must-use-output` attribute (#3773)
rust-lang/rfcs: text/0000-must-use-output.md

# Motivation
[motivation]: #motivation

Today, if you write this code in Rust:

```rust
fn main() {
    let mut x = 0;
    x += 42;
}
```

you'll get a warning about unused write. It's likely that either you forgot to use the value of `x` or you wrote a needless operation that has no meaningful effect on the program.

However this code:

```rust
fn main() {
    let mut vec = Vec::new();
    vec.push(42);
}
```

has a similar problem and yet it doesn't trigger a warning. This can be even dangerous in some situations. For instance, if the `Vec` is collecting multiple errors (to report messages similar to `rustc`) and the code is supposed to check if the `Vec` is empty before proceeding.

In some cases there are even multiple arguments that should be accessed after a call to a function. For instance `core::mem::swap` is almost always useless if both arguments are not accessed - if none of them are it only changes the drop order which doesn't matter in the vast majority of the code, and if only one of them is it's better to use a simple assignment rather than swap.

> Note also that some functions may be useless to call even when they take in truly immutable (`Freeze`) references. For instance `clone` is wasteful if the original is not accessed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This is true, but I don't think it's on-topic for *this* RFC, and addressing it would need some additional care to avoid the annoying ripple-effect problem of "don't write the clone on the *last* use". Can we drop it from this RFC?

Author: How about we mention it but don't propose to mark it just yet? Maybe some library has a use for it in some other context and I don't think adding code to ban `Freeze` references is worth it.

Reviewer: @Kixunil I'm not suggesting adding code to *ban* it, just that it's something different and may not want to use the same handling. Could you move it to one of the later notes sections (e.g. future work), then, along with the note that this isn't proposing to mark such values?

Author: I'm confused. If we allow it right away and there's a clear use case with `clone`-like functions, which people could write how is it a "future possibility"? Note that while I wrote `clone` in the list below, I can simply remove it from the list and reword this to:

> Note also that some functions may be useless to call even when they take in truly immutable (`Freeze`) references. For instance `clone` is wasteful if the original is not accessed, however this RFC is **not** proposing adding the attribute to `core`'s `Clone::clone` just yet.

And put "Add the attribute to `clone`" in "Future possibilities"

# Guide-level explanation
[guide-level-explanation]: #guide-level-explanation

> You may use the `#[must_use_output]` attribute in front of any function argument with a reference type (`&T` or `&mut T`) to indicate to the caller that calling the function is useless or dangerous if the referenced value is not later accessed, e.g. reading it to check status. If the caller doesn't access the value later in the function a warning will be emitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may use the `#[must_use_output]` attribute in front of any function argument with a reference type (`&T` or `&mut T`) to indicate to the caller that calling the function counts as writing to the referenced value, and should count as a useless write (and a possible indicator of other bugs) if the referenced value is not later accessed.
```

Removing some unnecessary specificity here, because this should fold into the warnings rustc already gives for useless writes. For instance, if you have a `Vec` as a struct field, and in the entire program the only thing you call on it is `push`, you should get a warning about the field being written but never read. That's more than just "later in the function".

I also removed the "dangerous", and instead added "and a possible indicator of other bugs". I do understand that this can mask types that are `#[must_use]` like `Result`, but I think the term "dangerous" overstates it by evoking things like safety.

Author: Great, makes sense now.
